Maybe by then. No,
there's not gonna be April baileyeenth we Don' know't everybody. Yeah.
Everyone's so. scared.
There's no way that even Wrestlmania Has's no way it's gonna die. Thousand.
People, dude get wrestlmanian from a large, I mean, they did wrestling.
W they took, took it this far. No.
Audience. They took it this far. Awful. They're gonna go a hundred percent.
They took it this far. Is it? That means are going a hundred percent with this.
No, could be Tony's how crowd don't. it. They're going hard with this.
Man. Are you saying the government, like the, the deep state or some? Let's.
Watch the fight a hundred percent. Let's watch the fight.
This is their last chance. Let's.
Watch the fight. Oh, Lavera did some crazy to his hair.
Let folks.
Not Washington.
Not mad at it. When didhab.
Try to do that. Oh, folkss home in Washington. I thought it did work. You.
I mean, well then I went the ocean and then it it up. Sure. Who knows?
I don't know who, you know what I mean? Cares about, I get tons of chicks. I.
Have we've already talked about it forever, but no one cares right now.
We do care. Just wanna watch this fight. Both fight is happening.
Right now. It in Washington. Yes. No one cares. Oh,
old folks home in Washington. No, Eddie's.
Kill people in lot of.
Places too. Brian knows. Brian knows. Okay.
I might be on Eddie's side in this one. Oh, for sure. Oh, folks know I'm.
In the middle. No, no. You're over here. Brandon, come on. Pretty much.
Where am I? You're part of the deep state. Don't make me tweet.
You're screenshots of our conversation. I know. I don't blast those out. No,
please' stay me and me and Brendan. Me and brendannan are getting pressure.
Me andrennan are like becoming best friends. Friends. Don't tweet close.
Don't you guys don't even know you guys don't even know me.
Andrennan are like lovers right now. <laugh> predictions.
Not in uhions predictions.
Predictions. Kevin, go with Kevin. Tkseg around. Really? Wow. Interesting.
I just think Kevin, any other predictions.
Kevin? I know you. Can't Brian. Kevin Lee is a bad mother.
You know why Kevin leaves a.
Bads? Don't talk over each other. I.
Know. Do you know why Kevin?
Lee's a bad because he's a wrestler who uses his
expertise to win fights. He likes to take down and take their back. He could.
Kevin Lee likes to take is down. He's really good at taking the back. Oh, jeez.
Oliver. Clean.
Left hook. Not very many wrestlers. Take that route.
Dude. Oliver. No jokes, son.
Butvera but okay. Now on oliververa's side,
that guy is a Savage on his feet. Who you up on the ground,
on his back on the top. He'll shoot that.
Take to the face, dude. Dude, oliververa looks real good. Standing up, man.
He' is a solid.
He kicked him right in the face. He's a. Look at this dude.
They're both a Kevin. Take him down soon. That's high level on high label,
two D two different styles, but still crazy. This.
Well oliververa doesn't have a weakness in his game either. You know,
his standup is nasty as. And his, his ground game is terrifying.
He's the only thing he.
Has a lot of space. Maybe straight up double lag is not.
Charles has a ton of, uh, experience people forget.
How long he's been doing it. He's just on this hot streak right now. Six,
six or seven in a row. Yeah.
He's been around a long time and is an opportunity for him. Look at him. Slip.
Watch out. Just hit him. The Kevin hits hard, hard, hard, hard, hard. They.
Off Christ. They both need to step it up right here. Oh, nice. Shot.
The body body. Nice shot to the body. This a good fight dude.
Up, up, up. Careful.
Careful. You ain't to tell he's that's gonna be hard. He can't complete.
Look at this's. It's hard to complete.
That's going for leg transitions right into leglock's beautiful. Oh, beautiful.
That's high level Jitsu. No, he doesn't have it.
High level jujity if could see lot into it, look at it. Well'll see.
We we'll see how advanced he is. There's a lot of going on right now.
Kevin doing the right things. A lot of going on, dude.
People think leglocks are, um,
dangerous MMA leglocks will keep you safe. Look at, oh, her, if you keep attack,
you keep attacking with the legs' defense. The leglocks to keep you safe.
The reap keep she's safe.
Something. Oh.
Oh, look at that. He's safe. All that. Wow. People forget that.
It's it's can Lou's gonna blast him the face.
Right now. Oh Jesus.
You. Oh, look.
At his leg. Look. Oh, Jesus. Look at his leg. Oh.
No. Oh no. Don't give him your back hip.
Oh boy. Oh, he gave a back. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh my God. Holy.
Look at this. This is he's in half.
Guard. They're in a very complex jujisu configuration. Big times. Yeah.
It's very.
Complex. This kid wind up in a twister. Yeah. Oh. Look at this. Him out.
Kevin.
On the bottom. He's going to leg HES. The most submiss ever he's going. Right.
Look at that skull. Look. He's sick started. Leglocks look at, look at this.
Just hanging busy. What the dude.
You know what we're seeing here is uh,
punch you punch consistently offensive.
Look at at his leg locks while you're on your back, dude.
Make your black bill go to for MMA. Look at that.
This is leglocks are great for MMA. Look at those. Kick out, kick out.
He' Kevin. He's been gone for leglocks the whole time and, and Kevin Lee.
Kevin, he's.
Gonna blow his leg out. Exactly. This is real bad.
He's gotta turn the other way. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Look at his knee dude.
Jesus Christ. Ow. Jesus Christ.
Nos hard. It's hard to see from the other side. Like what?
It not looks like that's not good. Oh my God. That's not good, dude, bro.
That's a Kevin's in trouble. Here't I don't want Kevin to up his knee.
Even.
Even if come on, Kevin doesn't have from this and he's probably,
we're not gonna tap from this, but the whole,
the whole purpose of this is oliverlovera is got him in a position where Kevin
Lee can anymore see that he' attack.
And then he's going right into a crime the whole time.
Don't punch the whole time. He's throwing.
Look at his arm, look at his arm. He's got his arm pin. Look at that. The.
Wholes are Lia. Look at that.
Look at that. Oh my goodness.
But they're both high level. They're both high level. Look at this. Look at,
are you in.
Look at this, a look.
At this I' high level, dude. Look at that. Oh my goodnessvera.
Count. This is high levelsu high.
Level with the leg locks incorporated.
Elevatberry incorporating the leg lock. Good. Both guys.
Constant attacking. Oh.
Look at Nope.
Both hands. He's always on offensive. Look at that. Always.
Wow. That's a high guard. He's he?
I've never seen anybody work a guard that effectively.
I have to go back and watch this and listen to it with, with no audience. I bet.
It's so weird. Yeah. Oh it's I was watching the prelim like, God,
this is awful and he's going de lahiva on.
And he just went dehi on him. And then Kevin Lee back stepped into like,
he could, he could go into honey hole, but I love S relaxed on Perry.
This is high level.
Right hand by Kevin Lee. That's bad. What were you gonna say about John Enoch,
Joe? Oh, that he tweeted, uh, when Gilbert burns yelled that it was very eerie.
How it echoed in an empty arena. Weird. That's so strange. Who,
who do you give this first round to.
So far? Kevin Lee' Kevin Lee.
Man. No, no, no. But even though, even though Charles was doing worse,
this is the end of time. The end of the round. They're both doing work. I mean,
Oliver LAA hit him with some really good shots.
But when Kevin Lee's on top of the end of the round beat beating you up.
It' it's hard in the judge's eyes to see someone else. I give it to Kevin,
but Charles, very close, just attacking all the time, off his.
Back. I love that. I'm all fighting, man.
I'm all about Charles Alivera.
I love the fact that he's a jujitsu black belt and,
and his jujitsu is an Orthodox. I love all that.
But at the end of the round, if the guy's on top of you battering you down,
how did you win that round? Yeah. All that you did.
Didn't really mean that much. If this guy's on top of, you know,
beating you down. Right. So I give that round to Kevin Lee.
Yeah. The, what you were saying earlier,
I agree with about thepri the old pride rules that the end of the fight counts
more. Look at that though. Look that jumping fight, kick that scores.
But look at this. Yeah. Boom. There's some nasty ground and pounds on nasty. He,
he has to be so calculated when he's punching mm-hmm <affirmative> down.
It's it's so dangerous for him. This is a dangerous.
I'm fight. I'm biased. By the way, we got four more routes. Did you get to.
How great is that? That Kevin.
Leave 20.
More. Minutes's I'm a little upset. They make Mike Beltran hide his mustache.
I know. Why do they do that? He's got a mustache. Get to cut it. I thought no,
it's tucked in. It's tucked in his shirt. Look at this. Look at this.
Man's wrapped up. Oh, like a beer. So I love that guy tucked in.
There's he's the best great guy. He's my favorite riff actor guy. He's.
Great. Nobody better than Mike Betran that's the Best's the best on.
Thefucker. He doesn't interfere. He's say let's fight. Oh, spinning back.
Takes to the body. I missed him, dude. Oliverlovera oh dude. Olivera is nasty.
Stand seat. Cut dude. But he's so technical. I know like nothing's wound up.
He doesn't wind up with. He just fire stuff. Oh, big, big shot by Kevin man.
Yeah, man. Big shot. There seems to be taking shots. Oh my goodness. Good leg.
Kick. Ouch. God it. Good. Fighthoo
and this is only around two kids. I know. Shot and vice Kevin. God Charles.
Is bringing it. Dude. Charles.
Is a Savage he'sav oh, look at that left.
Look, Charles. Right. Is coming forward. Look at that.
But you see what I'm saying about him? How he doesn't wind up with anything,
but look at.
Charles. Charles, encount's his work, Charles.
So good. Charles. Very, he been all day at the office. He' want to work out,
throw some blows. You know what? I mean' he's just spa. He doesn't give a.
Charles. Charlesgoodness don't give a.
No shoot. My.
Goodness. Shoot. Look, you don't give a. Look how clean where's the rash Christ.
Look how clean it' technique is.
He's not bothered him at all. He's like slow ever. He's like, okay,
whatever Jesus. What do you got? Okay. I like it. Okay. Keep doing it.
The upper cut. All right. Can turn it up a bit. Cuz this is getting boring.
You gotta keep dude. He's man. Look at his upper. Look at him. Dude. Boys.
You guys are killing me, talking over each other. Oh Jesus.
Travis. All very don't give a. Look at him.
He's he looks so good. I've never seen him. Look this good.
And this is one of the biggest fights of his career. Oh.
Dude. He don't.
Give a. Oh my goodness. Kevin's gotta do something radically.
He is takes him down. Good. Move three minutes at he startss.
Look you don't ball. Look at.
Oh my goodness. Oh, are.
You.
Kiddingtriangletriangle triangle.
Oh my gods grease so much grease
My look at him. You got wizard.
Look at hip at skinny.
Look at that.
Oliver bears relax. Kevin Lee on top. Now one of the greatest fight.
Ever fight. Come amazing. Come on man. that. This is a great fight.
Oliver. Bear can be smart, but Lee is a beast. Look at him, dude.
He's a beast. That's a hard one to finish. He's a for.
He's a strong guy for this weight class. Oliverve's gotta get him off of him.
Right? He's remember oliverve used to fight at 45. Yes sir.
Look at that. He wants that.
Back considerably. Uh, the smaller guy. See.
That's the beautiful thing about Kevin Lee right now is he wants the back.
Cause that's he know that's his spot. That's what he's known. The.
Michael fight. Michael Black felt mm-hmm <affirmative> he wants the back.
That was super, super impressive that he choked, uh, SL like that. Yeah.
You definitely choke him out. Don't have to coach him.
I just wish they let it go a couple more seconds so he can see him go to sleep.
Just so he taps or goes to sleep. I know, but stupid. Well,
a referee he's resting a choke. When a referee stops a choke.
That's not necessary unless a guy goes out. I agree. He wasn't out. I agree.
But he, he was finished either way, but he no guys relaxing in a arena.
You're you're right. I would bet I would bet the house on it a hundred percent,
but I would wanna see it. I agree. Also, Michael, she,
that one 70 is a mother.
Father.
Mother. He's a. Oh, he's a contender.
Top five mother.
Him like mother. He's so strong.
I love about he so strong. I love Michael chest.
It's impossible to imagine that he actually made 55 right now.
Huge. Really? He's a big 70. I'm telling you. He's.
He's the, he's your dark horse at 70.
Batter. Your dark horse. Tall.
He's big for 70 man. Wow, great, good. Other he beast. Great on the ground.
And right here, Kevin Lee wants the back. That's where, that's what he wants.
That's.
What HES. Most finishes. There's.
A battle going.
On right here. How are they scoring this right now? There's a battle. The top.
He, he was piece him up on the ground. He.
Turns leglock battle. Look at that. He took,
he turned that top half into a leglock battle. Now it's a whole chance.
Itifferent sport. Whole different sport.
Real quick. Remember it's in Brazil. It's a remember it's in Brazil. It's right.
It's in Brazil. Yeah. So the judge in middle.
This position though, this position is a whole different thing.
Kevin Lees win right? Top half.
Why? Why you say that be.
No, no, I just, uh, theve was scoring a lot on the, on the, on the field. Yeah.
It.
Depends how you score. Yeah, I know. I know. I hear you. So.
So I would give Kevin the take down and control, but is that worth,
which goes long. Was that worth as much as the headtrikes that he was? Well.
What's the mostdominant thing that happened this round.
Figure that the take down. Oh, you're right. And he ended the round on top.
The second. That's only the second round. How much damage did he do? He,
he held him. No, that's the second. Are you? Sure' not the third. No.
The third's coming up next. Yes. Here's here's the thing. The round Charles.
Cardioio's not fantastic. Well look, Kevin, Kevin's about to.
Win this fighted here. You think so Kevin's gonna win this fight. Look at him.
Look at Kevin Lee. Look at.
Charles li he didn't, he.
This is a hard fight for both guys. Yes's a hard fight. Yes. And on the eat,
it's hard because at Lee's taking a lot of shots before he can get it to the
ground. He's getting up, up on the he's getting piece.
Up. His he's getting PLA on the feet. Yeah, dude.
I'm really impressed with.
All me. Toostan very.
Don't give a.
But it's just a technique.
It's not that he doesn't give a Heely doesn't he comes forward, but it's also,
histechnique his techniques. Super sharp. Look at that up. Look at there's.
There's no fat to any of this, but look at him.
Stand the, a pocket too and read it. And every it's so goodgoodness.
Takes, takes up the middle to the chin man. No telegraphing. He just comes back.
Exactly. Eddie BA BA Brian brother. Yeah.
There's no Telegraph though that I got.
It's just shoot. I thought I was, but then he met you Brian. I'm like.
I teach my guys. He's never to wind up BA I I'm pretty.
Sure your boy, uh, Kevin and your boy, Tony. We wrestled in college together.
Here we go against each other. Here we go. Three. I don't.
Think so. Really? Oh, jumping front kick to start it off. See,
this is where it's most dangerous for Lee. He's still recovering.
He's probably a little tired and Oliver AA. I'm telling Charles more around.
Charles is more tired too. Dick nickel. Charles is more.
Tireds gonna.
Wear.
If it's catching him, somebody's gonna go down, dude. Somebody's going jail.
Come on Kev. A single chain chain. Somebody going down.
He got son look at he'll off my son. He.
Dude, all. Oh, he tapped it. Tried to go back.
Tofighting none of you can't fight no.
More. Oh, what. Dude. He tapped and he went back. Oh my God.
Oh my God. Oh my God. He got caught. Oh my God. He got caught, dude.
Overa is, do.
You think he went to sleep and then came back. Have right there.
Dude. He put him in a gig team. Like, do you think he put him sleep?
I don't know. He did it a million. He look at that. He tapped the guys in the,
the fire went right back to wrestling.
He kill. He's hoping people didn't see the tap. Let's see it. Let me see.
God Olivers. Look at that front. Kick to the body. Look gonna sink in that.
Look how he sinks it in, man. Look at deep.
Pass that light. Like he has that.
How much confidence do you have to have that to do that half car?
I got this half guard. He does this all the time. That's a percent.
That's his. He just was out of it. He's like, dude, are you kidding me?
You're coming into my. Oh no.
Dylan. Oh look. It's like he woke up. Oh.
It's like you woke up and jumped on his back. Poor guy. Oh my.
There's a poster right there. Wow. That's.
Crazy. Yeah. He must a great guy. A great fight. I wish it was two more rounds.
Look at this. They're cool with each other. No, that's nice to see. Yeah dude,
he must have choked him out.
He must have choked him unconscious and he woke up thinking the fight was still
going on. Unfair. That's crazy. He badass. Who's.
Better than him. Oh. Is that people better than where is he?
Train out of Brazil. Who's better than him. What? Weight division? He's.
So good. 45, but guys a beat. He' that? 45 or 55 55 at 45. That was 55.
That's 55. Cause he used to do 45.
Yes. And now.
He went up to 55. He, he was cutting too much weight at 45. His five.
He won seven on row. Pretty sure he's.
On spot 55. That move. I didn't know. He made.
That move. Can you pull up his record? That's.